Implement a PreCAT scheduling helper utility.
Application is single user and hence doesn't need any login functionality.
There will be number of students enrolled in each course. These students are divided into multiple groups e.g. PreCAT students are grouped into C1, C2, etc.
PreCAT course has multiple modules taught by different lead trainers and assisted by lab mentors. These schedules are conducted in various labs, classrooms
and/or online.
Create an application that helps scheduling different faculties (lead/lab) and venues to different modules of all batches. While scheduling application should
detect the clashes (of venues and faculties) and produce warnings. Note: Do not reject entries, because coordinator might consider merging these batches.
Ensure that all modules of the PreCAT are scheduled for each batch. Provide report for pending batches/modules.
Suggested to keep master information of modules (name, hours, ...), faculties (name, lecture/lab, ...), batches (name, admissions, ...), venues (name, location,
capacity, ...) in separate CSV files. This will help focusing on main scheduling requirements.
All scheduled batches can be stored in a single CSV/binary file.
Generate a weekly schedule summary report.
Also, generate weekly/monthly schedule for each faculty.
PreCAT Case Study - Technologies:
C or C++
DS - User-defined or Built-in
File IO
Date/Time handling
create c project with multilple files and csv file genrate detail code

Display on console:-

Enter Batch name-
(after selecting batch name go for mode selection)
Enter Mode of batch- 1. Online
		 2. Offline - Offline Location - 1. Hinjewadi
				              2. Marketyard
(after selecting mode online or offline if it is online then go for type. if it is offline go for location)
(after selecting location - select venue)
Enter Hinjewadi Venue- 1. Kaveri
		    2. Veena
	 	    3. Koyna
Enter Hinjewadi Venue- 1. Godavari
		    2. Narmada
		    3. Aryabhatta
(after that go for the type of batch)
Enter batch name- 1. Regular
 	            2. Fastrack
	            3. Crash
(after enter batch name go for start date option according to batch lab hours should be fixed)
For Regular Batch - Total Lab hours - 160
For Fastrack Batch - Total Lab hours - 120
For Crash Batch - Total Lab hours - 80

(after selecting total lab hours go for module)
Enter Regular Batch module hours - 1. C 
			      2. C++
			      3. DSA
			      4. Aptitude
			      5. Section B(OS, Big Data, Networking)

(This data fetch from CSV file and assign to each module. For that we have to genrate CSV file)

(after assign each module to hours We will display End Date for the batch)
(after display end date go for Faculty for each module)

(For that genrate CVS file for faculties)
Display all faculties 
Then according to batch and module we can assign faculty.
Then show detail report for the batch 
i.e
Batch Name
Start Date of the batch
Module Lab hours
End Date of the batch
Assigned Faculties per module 
Batch Mode
Batch Location
Batch Type